📄 Antitrust Policy [due Oct 27] (#196)
commonhaus/foundation: policies/antitrust-policy.md

# Commonhaus Foundation Anti-Trust Policy

## Purpose

> The Commonhaus Foundation (CF) requires that all members, activities, projects, committees, and working groups comply with applicable anti-trust laws.

Reviewer: Is it "anti-trust"?

Author: grrr.
```suggestion
The Commonhaus Foundation (CF) requires that all members, activities, projects, committees, and working groups comply with applicable antitrust laws.
```

Membership should not be used to exclude or disadvantage anyone.

If a member suspects that any activity may violate antitrust laws, they should [report their concern](#reporting-a-violation) immediately.
If the violation happens during a meeting, ask to have your concern recorded in the minutes.

All suspected violations will be promptly investigated by the CF Council.

### Reporting a Violation

Send an email to the [`report` mailing list](https://github.com/commonhaus/foundation/blob/main/CONTACTS.yaml) describing the situation and outlining your concern.

## Consequences of Violations

Antitrust law violations can lead to severe consequences, including heavy fines for both companies and individuals, imprisonment in some jurisdictions, civil claims for damages by affected parties, and reputational damage to members and the CF.

Violations of this policy may result in disciplinary action, including suspension or revocation of membership.

## Review and Updates

This policy will be reviewed periodically to ensure it remains effective and relevant. Amendments will be made in accordance with the CF’s governance processes.

## Acknowledgment

> All members are required to acknowledge their understanding and acceptance of this policy upon joining CF and at regular intervals as determined by the CF Council.

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding this acknowledgment to the onboarding process for the CF.

Author: Once it has been approved, I'll add it to the list of attestations.
